*** Collins Zyzzyva branch ***
Version 5.0.0
Released July 6, 2015

User-visible changes:
 * CSW15 lexicon now included; CSW12 remains, and all other lexicons removed.
   Custom lexicon import remains.
 * CSW15 playability rankings provided courtesy of John O'Laughlin.
 * Top 6- and 7-letter stems updated to CSW15.
 * Corrected display of complex orthographic characters (e.g. see definition of FARANDOLE).
 * Collins Zyzzyva uses a new data directory and a new registry key to store its data, allowing
   side-by-side installation with other versions of Zyzzyva on the same machine.

Developer-visible changes:
 * Implemented simple encryption of definition and playability files.
 * Collins Zyzzyva uses the Qt 5.4.2 framework, previously Qt 4.


Version 2.2.1
Released 2012-08-08

User-visible changes:
 * Fix Shift By Backlog cardbox rescheduling
 * Make Part of Speech search a dropdown selection
 * Help documentation for Part of Speech and Definition search
 * Other minor fixes


Version 2.2.0
Released 2012-08-06

User-visible changes:
 * Word Judge password function
 * ESC to exit Word Judge instead of Shift-ESC
 * Part of Speech search
 * Definition search
 * Shift cardbox contents by number of days
 * Reverse sort word lists by clicking header
 * Remove cycles in word definitions
 * No prompt to save Cardbox quizzes
 * WWF word list update
 * Many other minor improvements


Version 2.1.7
Released 2012-05-02

User-visible changes:
 * Improve icons


Version 2.1.6
Released 2012-01-06

User-visible changes:
 * Fix Limit By Playability search condition for CSW12
 * Word definition fixes


Version 2.1.5
Released 2011-07-01, from /branches/2.1.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/2.1.5

User-visible changes:
 * Account for screen size when displaying Word Judge
 * Add user preference for hyphens to denote inner hooks
 * Enlarge CSW copyright notice
 * Fix a bug when loading saved searches and quizzes containing umlauts
 * Fix a bug that caused blank lexicon names to appear in lexicon list
 * Fix multiple bugs that caused failures on 64-bit Linux
 * Word definition fixes


Version 2.1.4
Released 2011-05-21, from /branches/2.1.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/2.1.4

User-visible changes:
 * Fix a bug when loading saved quizzes with an obsolete lexicon name
 * Rename judge subdirectories with obsolete lexicon names


Version 2.1.3
Released 2011-05-20, from /branches/2.1.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/2.1.3

User-visible changes:
 * Add CSW12 lexicon
 * Add FISE2009 (Spanish) lexicon
 * Rename several lexicons:
   - CSW to CSW07
   - OWL2+LWL to OWL2
   - OSPD4+LWL to OSPD4
   - OWL+LWL to OWL
 * Many word definition fixes, including help from David Sutton and
   Tapani Lindgren
 * Change inner hook character from hyphen to center dot


Version 2.1.2
Released 2011-02-27, from /branches/2.1.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/2.1.2

User-visible changes:
 * Fix a Words With Friends lexicon error
 * Fix a bug when saving multi-line word definitions


Version 2.1.1
Released 2011-02-22, from /branches/2.1.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/2.1.1

User-visible changes:
 * New logo created by Jeremy Hildebrand
 * Use '.' and '@' as alternatives to '?' and '*', respectively
 * Save alphagrams from a word list
 * Load quiz tile images other than just A-Z
 * Fix a bug that corrupted some long word definitions
 * Fix Help system on OS X (mostly)
 * Words With Friends lexicon
 * Many word definition fixes - thanks to Dominick Mancine for additional
   definitions of long words
 * Various bug fixes


Version 2.1.0
Released 2010-03-15, from /branches/2.1.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/2.1.0

User-visible changes:
 * Search and quiz ordering by Playability (CSW, OWL2, and OSPD4 only)
 * Specify 0, 1, or 2 blanks when calculating Probability
 * Negation of Anagram, Pattern, and Subanagram search conditions
 * Many word definition fixes - and thanks to Michael McKenna for CSW
   long definitions
 * Italian lexicons - thanks to Herv√© Bohbot and Diego de Landro
 * BOOBIES is now acceptable in OSPD4 lexicon
 * Restore Defaults button on Preferences dialog
 * Subanagram search results are now sorted with longest words first
 * Various bug fixes


Version 2.0.5
Released 2009-03-09, from /branches/2.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/2.0.5

User-visible changes:
 * Word Judge now prompts for number of challenged words
 * Allow input, sorting, etc. for some characters other than A-Z.
 * Fix reading of DAWG files so they are loadable on 64-bit machines.
 * Fix some word definitions


Version 2.0.4
Released 2008-12-26, from /branches/2.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/2.0.4

User-visible changes:
 * Allow quizzes to require lexicon symbols for correct responses
 * Correctly prompt to save changes when quitting Zyzzyva via the menu
 * Add 'Save As' action for quizzes and search results
 * Display only definitions by default on the Definition form
 * Fix a bug introduced in 2.0.3: Remove missed words when marking as correct
 * Do not create an extra tile if dragging when timer expires
 * Do not restore quiz question order if Restore Progress is not checked
 * Various minor bug fixes


Version 2.0.3
Released 2008-12-21, from /branches/2.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/2.0.3

User-visible changes:
 * Disallow input immediately after quiz timer expires
 * Eliminate noticeable slowdown after every quiz question
 * Allow appending of words to existing saved word file
 * Restore focus to input area when switching between tabs
 * Fix some word definitions
 * Various minor bug fixes


Version 2.0.2
Released 2008-03-30, from /branches/2.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/2.0.2

User-visible changes:
 * Fix Alphabetical and Random ordering of quiz questions
 * Fix adjudication of hooks with lexicon symbols during a quiz
 * Fix lexicon settings when starting a quiz from a word list


Version 2.0.1
Released 2008-03-28, from /branches/2.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/2.0.1

User-visible changes:
 * Fix a problem with lost lexicon preferences and database creation
 * Fix a startup crash on Linux


Version 2.0.0
Released 2008-03-27, from /branches/2.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/2.0.0

User-visible changes:
 * Load multiple lexicons simultaneously
 * Lexicon symbols, e.g. # for CSW-not-OWL2, % for OWL2-not-OWL, etc.
 * In Lexicon search condition
 * Highly-visible icons for "acceptable" and "unacceptable" in Word Judge
 * Mark as Correct button on the Quiz form
 * New Cardbox 0 First quiz schedule
 * Improved cardbox visibility and control
 * Detailed word information on the Definition form
 * Updated CSW definitions thanks to Barry Harridge
 * Updated ODS lexicon thanks to Herve Bohbot
 * Nice-looking Zyzzyva application icon
 * Various bug fixes


Version 1.0.6
Released 2007-11-20, from /branches/1.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/1.0.6

User-visible changes:
 * Fix crashing on Mac OS X 10.5 (Leopard)
 * Fix main window disappearing on Windows
 * Fix some word definitions

Developer visible-changes:
 * Upgrade from Qt 4.1.5 to Qt 4.3.2


Version 1.0.5
Released 2007-08-31, from /branches/1.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/1.0.5

User-visible changes:
 * Remove inflections of GODDAM and GODDAMN from OSPD4 lexicon
 * Remove PHOCOMELIES from CSW lexicon
 * Fix several word definitions
 * Add Volost lexicon


Version 1.0.4
Released 2007-05-01, from /branches/1.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/1.0.4

User-visible changes:
 * Updated 100% accurate CSW lexicon


Version 1.0.3
Released 2007-03-17, from /branches/1.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/1.0.3

User-visible changes:
 * CSW lexicon
 * Cardbox Shift method of rescheduling cardbox questions
 * Fix letter-ordering bug during Anagrams With Hooks quiz
 * Fix broken search for words with no vowels


Version 1.0.2
Released 2007-01-27, from /branches/1.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/1.0.2

User-visible changes:
 * Fix bug in Quiz From List function


Version 1.0.1
Released 2007-01-16, from /branches/1.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/1.0.1

User-visible changes:
 * OSPD4+LWL lexicon
 * Cardbox Quiz without a search
 * Fix bug in New In OWL2 search
 * Fix incomplete word definition links
 * Other minor bug fixes


Version 1.0.0
Released 2006-11-26, from /branches/1.0.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/1.0.0

User-visible changes:
 * Cardbox Quiz mode with automatic spaced repetition
 * New quiz orders: Random, Alphabetical, Probability
 * Display question statistics during a quiz
 * New searches: Number of Vowels, Point Value, Unique Letters, High Fives
 * Large speed improvement for most searches
 * Save button for saving quizzes and search results
 * Save search results in SuperMemo Q/A format
 * Clear Word Judge input area of stray input after 15 seconds
 * Customizable user data directory
 * Accurate OSWI word list with word definitions
 * Many word definition fixes for OWL2+LWL
 * Numerous other bug fixes

Developer visible-changes:
 * Upgrade from Qt 4.1.3 to Qt 4.1.5


Version 0.14.1
Released 2006-06-02, from /branches/0.14.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.14.1

 User-visible changes:
 * Fix bug that caused crashes while loading on some Windows systems
 * Do not display main window until after connecting to the database
 * Change Word Judge "acceptable" adjudication color from blue to green
 * Disallow long input in the Word Judge
 * Various other bug fixes

 Developer-visible changes:
 * Upgrade from Qt 4.1.2 to Qt 4.1.3


Version 0.14.0
Released 2006-04-25, from /branches/0.14.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.14.0

 User-visible changes:
 * Use about 75% less memory than previously
 * Store word data in a database file
 * Keep track of quiz statistics (currently unused)
 * Display multiple definitions on multiple lines in word lists
 * Display probability order automatically in word lists
 * Clarify Word Judge instructions on input screen
 * Display Zyzzyva version and lexicon date on Word Judge input screen
 * Rename Probability Order condition to Limit by Probability Order
 * Change Probability Order to sort by alphagram instead of alphabetically
 * New Probability Order condition for probability order by word length
 * New Lax attribute for Probability Order conditions
 * Rename OWL2 lexicon to OWL2+LWL
 * Rename View menu to Word menu
 * Use home directory for saving/loading quizzes, word lists, etc.
 * Fix pixel-garbage bug on Mac OS X
 * Fix crash bug when using Custom lexicon on Windows
 * Fix several other bugs

 Developer-visible changes:
 * Upgrade from Qt 4.1.1 to Qt 4.1.2


Version 0.13.0
There is no version 0.13.0!
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bruces_sketch


Version 0.12.0
Released 2006-03-24, from /branches/0.12.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.12.0

 User-visible changes:
 * Load lexicons from precompiled binary files for fast startup
 * Check lexicons against precomputed checksums for data integrity
 * Start quizzes by choosing 'Open With' on a .zzq file
 * Start quizzes by choosing 'Open With' on a word list file
 * Save quizzes with a single click
 * Warn if a quiz with unsaved progress is about to be closed
 * Save log files during full screen Word Judge
 * Welcome page on startup with links to help documentation
 * New search conditions for Type II 7s and 8s, Type III 7s and 8s
 * Group Number of Anagrams searches by alphagram, not alphabetically
 * Fix several bugs

 Developer-visible changes:
 * Move most code into a separate libzyzzyva shared library
 * Add some unit tests for searches
 * Upgrade from Qt 4.1.0 to Qt 4.1.1


Version 0.11.1
Released 2006-03-02, from /branches/0.11.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.11.1

 User-visible changes:
 * Fix a bug in loading searches with Probability Order conditions


Version 0.11.0
Released 2006-03-01, from /branches/0.11.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.11.0

 User-visible changes:
 * Anagrams With Hooks quiz to quiz anagrams and hooks simultaneously
 * New Probability Order search condition
 * Conflate many similar search conditions to eliminate complexity
 * Extend all numeric search conditions to ranges with Min and Max values
 * Change default search condition from Pattern Match to Anagram Match
 * Update OWL2 with errata: change CRABABBLE/CRABABBLES to
   CRABAPPLE/CRABAPPLES, add DEVELOPPES and VIREONINES.
 * Change the Group By Wildcard preference to Group By Alphagram
 * Automatically select input area after performing a search or definition
 * Fix a keyboard focus bug in Flashcard Quiz Mode on Mac OS X
 * Fix a quiz question display bug when changing the Tile Theme


Version 0.10.1
Released 2006-02-08, from /branches/0.10.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.10.1

 User-visible changes:
 * Answers displayed in the quiz question area after ending a question
 * Default colors for Correct and Missed words have been swapped
 * Bug fix for displaying quiz questions longer than 7 letters
 * Several minor bug fixes


Version 0.10.0
Released 2006-02-06, from /branches/0.10.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.10.0

 User-visible changes:
 * Many improvements to full-screen Word Judge mode
 * Tile images can be rearranged with the mouse during a quiz
 * Flashcard quiz mode that does not require typing words
 * New button to mark missed words during a quiz
 * Search results can now be grouped according to wildcard matches
 * Make OWL2 the default lexicon
 * Display the current lexicon in the title bar and status bar
 * Make predefined lexicons OWL, OWL2, SOWPODS, ODS easily specified
 * A few last-minute OWL2 changes: add MUNCHABLES, remove WEAPONEERED,
   change GODAMNDEST to GODDAMNDEST
 * New search condition specifically for new OWL2 words
 * New search condition to find 8s from top 7-letter stems
 * New option to end a quiz question as soon as an incorrect answer is entered
 * Fix a bug that caused extreme slowness in Word List Recall quizzes

 Developer-visible changes:
 * All remaining Qt3 code ported to Qt4
 * Upgrade from Qt 4.0.1 to Qt 4.1.0


Version 0.9.6
Released 2006-01-22, from /branches/0.9.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.9.6

 User-visible changes:
 * Mac OS X disk image for 10.3.9 and later
 * Full-screen Word Judge mode
 * Must Not Be in Word List search condition
 * Various word definition fixes in OWL and OWL2 lexicons
 * Bug fix for restoring window size and position between sessions


Version 0.9.5
Released 2006-01-15, from /branches/0.9.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.9.5

 User-visible changes:
 * Bug fix for Type I Eights search


Version 0.9.4
Released 2006-01-14, from /branches/0.9.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.9.4

 User-visible changes:
 * New OWL2 lexicon with definitions
 * New word list containing all new words in OWL2
 * Fix the last remaining OWL errors in the range of 10-15 letters, thanks to
   Richard Buck and Jim Lamerand (OWL should now be 100% accurate)
 * New Protile tile themes courtesy of Thomas Conrad
 * Make quiz questions actually readable if tile images are not used
 * New font preference for quiz questions


Version 0.9.3
Released 2006-01-07, from /branches/0.9.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.9.3

 User-visible changes:
 * Splash screen on startup
 * New preference for automatically advancing to next quiz question
 * Large speed improvement for Number of Anagrams searches
 * New buttons for alphabetizing or randomizing quiz question letter order
 * Bug fix for loading word lists with lower-case words


Version 0.9.2
Released 2006-01-06, from /branches/0.9.x
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.9.2

 User-visible changes:
 * Buttons can be clicked with Enter as well as Space bar
 * Word Judge input area disallows non-alphabetic characters
 * ANTEFIXAE added to the OWL lexicon


Version 0.9.1
Released 2006-01-04, from /trunk
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.9.1

 User-visible changes:
 * Bug fix relating to unspecified font preferences


Version 0.9.0
Released 2006-01-04, from /trunk
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.9.0

 User-visible changes:
 * Toolbar with buttons for various actions
 * New search conditions to account for prefixes and suffixes
 * Preferences broken out into subsections in the preference dialog box
 * New preference for quiz background color
 * New preference for quiz question letter order
 * New preferences for quiz hints
 * New dropdown for choosing the Quiz Type when creating a quiz
 * Option to restore or discard quiz progress after loading a saved quiz
 * New Hook Quiz type
 * Quiz responses are kept in sorted order
 * Most recent quiz response is highlighted and kept visible
 * Missed quiz responses are highlighted
 * Optimized searches for extensions and patterns beginning with *
 * Status bar messages from each tab
 * Various bug fixes

 Developer-visible changes:
 * All code ported to Qt4, except the Q3Canvas class
 * Stronger, portable random number generation


Version 0.8.0
Released 2005-08-14, from /trunk
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.8.0

 User-visible changes:
 * Search specifications can be saved and loaded
 * Quiz specifications can be saved and loaded
 * Quizzes can be saved while in progress and loaded in a subsequent session
 * Hooks can be shown automatically in any word list
 * Parent hooks can be shown automatically in any word list
 * Definitions for 2-8 letter North American words and their inflections are
   included
 * Some predefined searches are included


Version 0.7.0
Released 2005-07-06, from /trunk
http://svn.boshvark.com/repos/projects/zyzzyva/tags/0.7.0

 User-visible changes:
 * Word lists can now be saved to files
 * New quizzes can now be created from word lists
 * Front Hooks and Back Hooks are new options for Must Belong search conditions
 * Tabs can now be closed with Ctrl-W or File->Close Tab
 * New font preference for input areas
 * Obviously incorrect responses to quiz questions are now disallowed
 * In Word List search condition is completely new
 * Brackets can now be used for character classes in Pattern, Anagram,
   Subanagram search conditions
